Act I - The greatest short story every told.

In the beginning
YHVH Elohim
created the heavens
and
YHVH Elohim
created the earth.

(The End.)

Act II - War torn &amp; ruined.

The earth had no form.
The earth was void.
Darkness was over the face of the deep.

Act III - A new day dawns.

the Spirit of YHVH Elohim visited
the place of desolation
the face of the dark waters

YHVH Elohim summonded the light,
"Let there be light."
and light arrived.

YHVH Elohim saw the light.
YHVH Elohim said light is good.

YHVH Elohim
empowered the light.
to overcome darkness.

YHVH Elohim
contrasted light and dark.

The good light YHVH Elohim named "Day"
The evil darkness YHVH Elohim named "Night"

The evil evening of dark void was done.
The good light arrived.
That was enough for One day.

6
And YHVH Elohim said, “Let there be an expanse in the midst of the waters, and let it separate the waters from the waters.”

7
And YHVH Elohim made the expanse and separated the waters that were under the expanse from the waters that were above the expanse. And it was so.

8
And YHVH Elohim called the expanse Heaven. And there was evening and there was morning, the second day.

9
And YHVH Elohim said, “Let the waters under the heavens be gathered together into one place, and let the dry land appear.” And it was so.

10
YHVH Elohim called the dry land Earth, and the waters that were gathered together he called Seas. And YHVH Elohim saw that it was good.

11
And YHVH Elohim said, “Let the earth sprout vegetation, plants yielding seed, and fruit trees bearing fruit in which is their seed, each according to its kind, on the earth.” And it was so.

12
The earth brought forth vegetation, plants yielding seed according to their own kinds, and trees bearing fruit in which is their seed, each according to its kind. And YHVH Elohim saw that it was good.

13
And there was evening and there was morning, the third day.

14
And YHVH Elohim said, “Let there be lights in the expanse of the heavens to separate the day from the night. And let them be for signs and for seasons, and for days and years,

15
and let them be lights in the expanse of the heavens to give light upon the earth.” And it was so.

16
And YHVH Elohim made the two great lights—the greater light to rule the day and the lesser light to rule the night—and the stars.

17
And YHVH Elohim set them in the expanse of the heavens to give light on the earth,

18
to rule over the day and over the night, and to separate the light from the darkness. And YHVH Elohim saw that it was good.

19
And there was evening and there was morning, the fourth day.

20

And YHVH Elohim said, “Let the waters swarm with swarms of living creatures, and let birds fly above the earth across the expanse of the heavens.”

21
So YHVH Elohim created the great sea creatures and every living creature that moves, with which the waters swarm, according to their kinds, and every winged bird according to its kind. And YHVH Elohim saw that it was good.

22
And YHVH Elohim blessed them, saying, “Be fruitful and multiply and fill the waters in the seas, and let birds multiply on the earth.”

23
And there was evening and there was morning, the fifth day.

24
And YHVH Elohim said, “Let the earth bring forth living creatures according to their kinds—livestock and creeping things and beasts of the earth according to their kinds.” And it was so.

25
And YHVH Elohim made the beasts of the earth according to their kinds and the livestock according to their kinds, and everything that creeps on the ground according to its kind. And YHVH Elohim saw that it was good.

26
Then YHVH Elohim said, “Let us make man in our image, after our likeness. And let them have dominion over the fish of the sea and over the birds of the heavens and over the livestock and over all the earth and over every creeping thing that creeps on the earth.”

27
So YHVH Elohim created man in his own image,
in the image of YHVH Elohim he created him;
male and female he created them.

28
And YHVH Elohim blessed them. And YHVH Elohim said to them, “Be fruitful and multiply and fill the earth and subdue it, and have dominion over the fish of the sea and over the birds of the heavens and over every living thing that moves on the earth.”

29
And YHVH Elohim said, “Behold, I have given you every plant yielding seed that is on the face of all the earth, and every tree with seed in its fruit. You shall have them for food.

30
And to every beast of the earth and to every bird of the heavens and to everything that creeps on the earth, everything that has the breath of life, I have given every green plant for food.” And it was so.

31
And YHVH Elohim saw everything that he had made, and behold, it was very good. And there was evening and there was morning, the sixth day.

